DOCS-3028 Polish remaining TC2.1 Docs After Merge (#1247)
truenas/documentation: content/TrueCommand/Reports/Generation.md

![ReportsGenerateDateWidget](/images/TrueCommand/2.0/ReportsGenerateDateWidget.png "Reports Generate Date Widget")

> Select the report's beginning and end dates using the drop-down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion to remove possessive
Select the report beginning and end dates using the drop-down.
```

![ReportsGenerateDateWidgetSelectDate](/images/TrueCommand/2.0/ReportsGenerateDateWidgetSelectDate.png "Reports Generate Date Widget Select Date")

> Once you set the date range, use the **systems** drop-down menu to select which systems you want to include in the report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion change once to after
After you set the date range, use the **systems** drop-down menu to select the systems you want to include in the report.
```

![ReportsGenerateDateWidgetSelectSystems](/images/TrueCommand/2.0/ReportsGenerateDateWidgetSelectSystems.png "Reports Generate Date Widget Select Systems")

> Once you have selected the systems, click **Generate**

Reviewer: ```suggestion to change once to after and make more active voice
After you select the systems, click **Generate**
```

![ReportsGenerateDateWidgetGenerate](/images/TrueCommand/2.0/ReportsGenerateDateWidgetGenerate.png "Reports Generate Date Widget Generate")

> The report will generate, and the graph will appear. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion remove future tense
The report generates, and the graph displays. 
```

![ReportsGenerated](/images/TrueCommand/2.0/ReportsGenerated.png "ReportsGenerated")

> To download the report metrics in <file>JSON</file> format, hover your cursor over the report and click the blue down-arrow that appears. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion use displays rather than appears?
To download the report metrics in <file>JSON</file> format, hover your cursor over the report and click the blue down-arrow that displays. 
```
